We can't bring Yeong-u back,
but we must save Yeong-ro at all cost!
I know you made a deal with the North,
as long as she's in the hands of
those brutal spies, she can never be safe.
Honey!
You must pull yourself together!
I know. I know that.
Yeong-u…
And I'll look out for her
by her side until she becomes an old lady,
so don't worry about a thing, Mom.
I'm just three years younger than you.
Yeong-u!
Yeong-u…
Get it together.
My brother
is gone.
You must've had a nightmare.
Don't you remember
passing out?
It's all right.
It's okay.
All right, breathe in again.
Wait.
Can you give me that necklace?
No, can you sell it to me?
I'm sorry,
but it's more precious
than my own life to me.
They must be mistaken.
Maybe someone by the same name.
The late Eun Yeong-u, the Marine
who sacrificed his life to kill our
enemies during the life-and-death battle.
The last thing he did while alive
was write a letter
to his one and only younger sister.
He was going to finish writing it
after the patrol,
but the blank space
will never be filled now.
I'm Yoo Young-jun, MBS.
Go back to the room.
Let me go.
Let me out.
My brother…
I want to go see my brother.
Please.
Please let me see him one last time.